None

Extremely Nice Letter
The paper looks blank, awaiting your words to give it life.
If equipped, all enemies will take an instant (+8) damage at start of battle. Lose Extremely Nice Letter on use.

Sarah's Running Shoes
These belonged to an old friend who loved to run.
Chance to negate half of the damage taken when hit.

Pristine Apple
An apple a day keeps the monsters away. You are thankful to whoever was in the well for giving you this.
All party members heal (+2) at the start of their turn.

Dead Gwandma
She's still pretty dead, but her presence inspires you.
Boosts your max Friendship Points by (+20).

Flask of Unlimited Apple Juice
This magic flask never runs out of pure, savory apple juice. The nectar of the gods.
During your defense, heal for (+2) for every attack you perfectly block.

Battle Axe
This is a really sharp battle axe. I see some dried blood on it if you want a taste.
Chance to reflect (+2) damage when attacked.

The Dodecahedron
Its shape is so advanced that there would be no physical way to show its true form. Just know that it has twelve faces.
Your attacks do (+12) damage per status effect on this character.

Coin
Deep scratches and corrosion have eaten away at most of this coin, but it is still quite a relic! Maybe you can make a wish with it.
Every party member gets (+2) damage per basic attack.

Severed Tongue
A human tongue. Rad!
While equipped, you can store up to (4) compliments.

Picture
A picture of [ANIMAL NAME]. It's not as cool anymore.
It does nothing.

[BUDDY]'s Breakfast
The most nutritious and beautifully baked meal made by your best buddy.
Slightly extends the duration of your block.

Spoiled Breakfast
A gross but intriguing meal full of maggots and broken dreams.
Gain the 'Stinky' debuff when entering combat.

The Thing
It is still as gross as you remember. You don't really want to equip it because it makes you feel like a terrible person.
You start every battle with the 'Emotional Barrier' buff.

The Very Berry
This is a Very Berry, last one of its kind. It holds the immense and dangerous power to make anyone who tastes it feel a bit happier.
You start with the 'Positive Attitude' buff at the start of combat.

Badge of Ultimate Friendship
This badge can only be worn by the most prestigious of friends. Everyone that sees it knows you mean friendly business.
Chance to apply the 'Butterflies' debuff to a random enemy at the start of combat.

Glass of Water
You're surprised to see it stand so perfectly in your bag. Even when you're moving, the water stays placid. Could it be magic water?
This is just plain water, but it will boost your max Friendship Points by (+10).

Pinecone
This pinecone looks suspicious. Almost like it knows too much. This sentient pinecone gives its holder the power to cheat death.
When your Friendship Meter hits 0, instantly boost back up to full. Lose Pinecone on use.

Oats
You kept these? They are made special for Botley, but I guess you can have them.
Chance to apply the 'Unconditional Love' effect to a random enemy at the start of combat.

Toot's Tonic
Kept one for yourself, huh? I'm sure Toot won't mind!
Chance to apply the 'Dumb & Dizzy' debuff to a random enemy at the start of combat.

Beat Bomb
This bomb explodes into a thousand shrieking notes. It sounds awful and usually leads to bleeding ears.
If a party member leaves with this equipped, deal (+20) damage to your attacker. Lose Beat Bomb on use.

A Cool Hat
Enemies admire your cool hat and can't take their eyes off of it.
You start with the 'Kudos' buff at the start of combat.

A Stick with Extra Length
This stick is extra long, so that makes it extra cool.
While equipped, you will always attack first in battle.

Lemon Pie of the Undead
While the name can sound quite scary, the Lemon Pie of the Undead seems like an ordinary lemon pie. But this one whispers things to you.
Your special attack's cooldown is reset at start of battle.

Candle of Pure Loneliness
This candle holds the power of pure and immense loneliness that will surely make anyone depressed.
Chance to apply the 'Insecure' debuff to a random enemy at the start of combat.

Gem of Confusing Perspective
When peering inside the gem, different viewers might see different things. I see a wagon, though.
Chance to apply the 'Existential Crisis' debuff to a random enemy at the start of combat.

Larpo's Left Kidney
It's still quite fresh. Larpo might want it back if you're willing to part with such a beautiful specimen.
Extremely small chance to instantly befriend every enemy in combat. Yeah, it's that powerful.

Questionable Black Belt
Whether it be for karate or keeping your pants up, you can't deny how shady this Black Belt looks and feels.
When Friendship Points drop below 10, the 'Emotional Barrier' buff is applied. Used only once per battle.

The Helmet of 7 Spikes
Upon further examination, the spikes looked poorly glued onto the cheaply made helmet. Still pretty rad!
You start with the 'Muscle Memory' buff at the start of combat.

Sa
He is still just sitting in your bag, glaring at you with a calm smile.
Deal (+5) damage with your basic attack, but deal (+1) damage to a random teammate.

Can of Pears
Aren't these Bean's pears? You kept them? Wow, you're kind of a monster. I hope he won't mind!
Chance to apply the 'Awkward Silence' effect to a random enemy at the start of combat.

Pear Cake
You can tell it was made it with love and a whole lot of ripe, juicy pears!
Damage performed is doubled, but damage taken is also doubled.

Roller Skates
These bad boys will make you the fastest person in town or your money back, guaranteed!
Your entire party moves faster outside of combat when walking around.

Umbrella
From windy, rainy, and bloody storms, this umbrella has seen it all.
You start with the 'Good Vibes' buff at the start of combat.

Rubber Duck
It squeaks! What a cool, little bath toy! 
Whenever you befriend an enemy, heal for (+5) Friendship Points.

Timmy Quick Figurine
A small yet sturdy figurine of the speedy comic book character, Timmy Quick!
Reduces total cooldown for special attack by 1.

[RECIPE]
Cauldron left it sitting in the sun all day to really ripen the flavor! Ignore the flies.
Chance for REST to heal an extra (+5) Friendship Points.